Life is all about opportunities and it took me some time to realize that fact. This is my story on how some opportunities made me go from an introvert to what I’m right now. Honestly, I don’t know how to describe who I am. My ignorance in my past has made me cautious as to how I label myself. So for now, let’s just settle for Gobiga Rajalingam, Assistant Secretary at the Sustainable Education Foundation, Secretariat member at the IEEE Innovation Nation Sri Lanka 2018, a technical writer at GGSLK, a random volunteer in various events, a second year undergraduate in Rajarata University of Sri Lanka (RUSL) and more.
Technically I was born and raised in Trincomalee, but the place where I really grew up is the Rajarata University of Sri Lanka. I was face to face with opportunities and I’ve got the guidance from the best to utilize them. That landed me first as a technical writer for GGSLK, and then one led to another and now I’m an integral part of several events and organizations and I try developing myself via volunteering and participating in several meetups and hackathons as well but that list is too long to be mentioned here.
Being a part of such reputed organizations with talented colleagues have moulded me into the person that I’m right now. Especially the Sustainable Education Foundation and IEEE INSL 2018 gave me the exposure into the Industry and provided me with opportunities with which I am able to thrive through learning and trying new aspects of professionalism. One of the best things I did was to apply for the SEF, which is itself striving to make quality education available to everyone and it’s quite a thing to remember forever that I’m playing a part in bringing the opportunities available to all.
One day when I’m satisfied with what I’ve achieved, I might be able to express who I am in one word. But that day has yet to come and I’m still reaching out for more opportunities.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Gobiga.R
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/gobiga-rajalingam-00714b143/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Gobir19
